I would like
what you do to nothing I have my concern
I'm ready on time let me do
so we want to give us some thread to
retouch at your very good pace thank you
a lot
I was only going up to tell you
that there are a lot of people down there yes
we will go down two minutes
I heard that somewhere
Mom drops the brush and without
hope
you are beautiful
do I have to go all think
that I'm weird darling everyone
and graulhet of adaptation to unemployment
never again was I sitting at the escem
little his finger pusher did you speak
I love you hell to pass for a
perfect idiot and says it's not
said it n is not it
but the 17th
to say everything and all right I mean
that's it gives them like that is
downright as possible did not do on
everything but what I dream to do more
that any thing in the world you
ready to melodies it's you
are beautiful
he's right he's spent wonderful
evening